This isn't just bad accounting. It's fraud.
Check out my latest video on the Garrison Group,
falsifying reports from more details.
Um, excuse me.
Take down the videos and issue a retraction right now,
or we'll bury you.
Take down the videos. What matters to me is the truth.
Listen, what?
Told you, Kim, that Garrison Group is untouchable.
I don't care.
People follow me for the truth. It's exactly where I'm giving them.
Well, good luck. We're done.
We lucked your account and froze your payments.
Your contract is terminated.
You can't vlog for a flight.
It says, I'm stuck. I don't think I'm going to do it, okay?
You just go without me and we will celebrate once you're back, okay?
There's been a car accident, and your parents didn't make it.
Your sister, she's in a coma.
But we need you to sign off on these payments.
How did I get here? I cannot pay for this.
Someone has covered the car, so we're ready for surgery.
I'd like to say thanks. Meet me tomorrow.